Initial work on OSD architecture (#9)
omnivector-solutions/osd-documentation: operations/nhc.rst

.. _nhc:

===
NHC
===

OSD installs `LBNL Node Health Check (NHC) <https://github.com/mej/nhc>`_ by
default in the ``slurmd`` charm. The base configuration file contains only

> basic checks, and you can easily extend it to match your own cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
basic checks to ensure the slurm and munged proccese are active. You can easily extend the nhc configuration to match your setup.
```

For example, suppose you want to also check for: 100 Gb/sec infiniband, and the
``/scratch`` partition to be mounted as ``r/w``. The easiest way to do so is to
create a ``custom-conf.nhc`` file with those checks:

::

   * || check_fs_mount_rw -f /scratch
   * || check_hw_ib 100

And then configure your ``slurmd`` application to use it:

.. code-block:: bash

        $ juju config slurmd nhc-conf="$(cat custom-conf.nhc)"

Note that this will append your custom configurations to the ``nhc.conf`` file,

> without overwriting the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
without overwriting the pre-existing checks defined by the charm.
```
